README.md, before:

# <img src="image/emoji/about.svg" width="28"> About me
I'm a typical teenager in many ways. I'm currently a student at a high school for IT, and I'm passionate about learning new programming languages – Java and C# are my current favorites. In my spare time I like to write silly programs that have no real purpose, but help me to learn more about coding. 
I'm  a very independent person. Even though I'm only 19, I feel like I'm quite mature and I'm very capable of taking care of myself. I know what I want in life. I'm not afraid to go after what I want, and I always make sure that I get what I deserve. 
In the future I see myself working as a software engineer. I want to be able to work on new and innovative projects that push the boundaries of what's possible. I want to be able to look back on my career and be proud of the things I've accomplished. 
#### List of projects You might be interested in:
- <img src="image/programming_language/powershell.svg" width="16"> [Web server](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/PowershellWebsite)
- <img src="image/programming_language/powershell.svg" width="16"> [Graduation project: Web server connected to a MySQL database.](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/ShellPost)
- <img src="image/programming_language/csharp.svg" width="16"> [CLI IP scanner with multi-threading](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/IPScanner)
- <img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="16"> [Unfinished anti-cheat and statistics plugin for SpigotMC](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/MCL_Overseer)
- <img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="16"> [PaperMC plugin that i made for a classmate](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/PotionWalker)
- <img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="16"> [Number guessing algorithm AKA the second thing i ever coded in Java](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/AI-Number-Guesser)
> **NOTE:** Most of my interesting projects are private on Github.

### Programming skills (self-rating)
|              🖥️             	|<img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="32"><br>Java|<img src="image/programming_language/csharp.svg" width="36"><br>C#|<img src="image/programming_language/powershell.svg" width="48"><br>Powershell 	| <img src="image/programming_language/golang.svg" width="84"><br>Golang     	|
|:--------------------------:	    |:---------:	|:---------:	|:-----------------:   |:------:	|
| Summary                    	    | Competent 	| Competent 	| Advanced beginner    | Novice 	|
| Basics **knowledge**           	| ✔️         	| ✔️           | ✔️                   | ✔️        |
| Sorting **algorithms**         	| ✔️         	| ✔️           | ❌                   | ❌      	|
| Multi-**threading**            	| ✔️         	| ✔️           | ❌                   | ❌      	|
| **Web** server (back-end)      	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ✔️                   | ✔️      	 |
| Used **libraries**        	    | ✔️         	| ✔️           | ✔️                   | ❌      	 |
| Used **APIs**        	            | ✔️         	| ✔️           | ✔️                   | ❌      	 |
| Used with a **MySQL** database 	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ✔️                   | ✔️      	 |
| Standard **TCP** server        	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
| **GUI** application            	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
| **Game** development           	| ❌            | ✔️           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
| Worker **service**              	| ❌            | ✔️           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
> **NOTE:** Checkmark means I  have done it before.

### Tools I use (or have used before):
<img src="image/tool/vscode.svg" width="64" title="Visual Studio Code"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/idea.svg" width="64" title="IntelliJ Idea"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/rider.svg" width="64" title="JetBrains Rider"><br>
<img src="image/tool/clickup.svg" width="64" title="ClickUp"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/trello.svg" width="64" title="Trello"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/github.svg" width="64" title="Github"><br>
<img src="image/tool/mysql.svg" width="64" title="MySQL">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="image/tool/unity.svg" width="64" title="Unity Engine">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="image/tool/unreal.svg" width="64" title="Unreal Engine"><br>
<img src="image/tool/resolve.svg" width="64" title="DaVinci Resolve">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="image/tool/blender.svg" width="64" title="Blender">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

### Spoken languages:
<table>
    <tr>
        <th><img src="image/emoji/czech_flag.svg" width="32"></th>
        <th>Czech (native)</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th><img src="image/emoji/uk_flag.svg" width="32"></th>
        <th>English (C1)</th>
    </tr>
</table>

### Have I interested You? **Contact me!**
- <img src="image/media/telegram.svg" width="16" title="Telegram"> [Telegram](https://t.me/mysterioustaway)
- <img src="image/media/discord.svg" width="16" title="Discord"> Taway#1754
- <img src="image/media/outlook.svg" width="16" title="E-Mail"> [E-Mail](mailto:mysterioustaway@outlook.com)
- <img src="image/media/instagram.svg" width="16" title="Instagram"> [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mysterioustaway/)
- <img src="image/media/twitter.svg" width="16" title="Twitter"> [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MysteriousTaway)

### Personal information
- Username: Taway
- Name: Jakub Jeřábek
- Age: 19
- Gender: Male
- Birthday: 13.10. (DD.MM)
- 16Personalities: ISTP-T
- Favorite Color: <font style="color:#d9303b;"> #d9303b </font>
- Hobbies: Gaming and Programming.  
- Favorite games: Empyrion, Valorant, Minecraft  

### Computer specs:
- <img src="image/specs/amd.svg" width="24" title="AMD"> CPU: AMD Ryzen 7 5700x  
- <img src="image/specs/nvidia.svg" width="24" title="Nvidia"> GPU: Gigabyte 3060 EAGLE 12GB
- <img src="image/specs/msi.svg" width="24" title="MSI"> Motherboard: MSI B550 Tomahawk  
- <img src="image/specs/kingston.svg" width="24" title="Kingston"> RAM: Kingston FURY 2x16GB DDR4  
- <img src="image/specs/samsung.svg" width="24" title="Samsung"> SSD: Samsung 980 1TB M.2  
- <img src="image/specs/seagate.svg" width="24" title="Seagate"> HDDs: 1TB Seagate Barracuda, 2TB Seagate Barracuda  
- <img src="image/specs/corsair.svg" width="24" title="Corsair"> PSU: Corsair RM850

Commit message:

Added currently worked on project

README.md, after:

# <img src="image/emoji/about.svg" width="28"> About me
I'm a typical teenager in many ways. I'm currently a student at a high school for IT, and I'm passionate about learning new programming languages – Java and C# are my current favorites. In my spare time I like to write silly programs that have no real purpose, but help me to learn more about coding. 
I'm  a very independent person. Even though I'm only 19, I feel like I'm quite mature and I'm very capable of taking care of myself. I know what I want in life. I'm not afraid to go after what I want, and I always make sure that I get what I deserve. 
In the future I see myself working as a software engineer. I want to be able to work on new and innovative projects that push the boundaries of what's possible. I want to be able to look back on my career and be proud of the things I've accomplished.
### <img src="image/emoji/construction.svg" width="32"> Project that I'm working on right now:
- <img src="image/programming_language/csharp.svg" width="16"> [FreezeCheck CLI](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/FreezeCheck_CLI)
#### :fire: List of projects You might be interested in:
- <img src="image/programming_language/powershell.svg" width="16"> [Web server](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/PowershellWebsite)
- <img src="image/programming_language/powershell.svg" width="16"> [Graduation project: Web server connected to a MySQL database.](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/ShellPost)
- <img src="image/programming_language/csharp.svg" width="16"> [CLI IP scanner with multi-threading](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/IPScanner)
- <img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="16"> [Unfinished anti-cheat and statistics plugin for SpigotMC](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/MCL_Overseer)
- <img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="16"> [PaperMC plugin that i made for a classmate](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/PotionWalker)
- <img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="16"> [Number guessing algorithm AKA the second thing i ever coded in Java](https://github.com/MysteriousTaway/AI-Number-Guesser)
> **NOTE:** Most of my interesting projects are private on Github.

### Programming skills (self-rating)
|              🖥️             	|<img src="image/programming_language/java.svg" width="32"><br>Java|<img src="image/programming_language/csharp.svg" width="36"><br>C#|<img src="image/programming_language/powershell.svg" width="48"><br>Powershell 	| <img src="image/programming_language/golang.svg" width="84"><br>Golang     	|
|:--------------------------:	    |:---------:	|:---------:	|:-----------------:   |:------:	|
| Summary                    	    | Competent 	| Competent 	| Advanced beginner    | Novice 	|
| Basics **knowledge**           	| ✔️         	| ✔️           | ✔️                   | ✔️        |
| Sorting **algorithms**         	| ✔️         	| ✔️           | ❌                   | ❌      	|
| Multi-**threading**            	| ✔️         	| ✔️           | ❌                   | ❌      	|
| **Web** server (back-end)      	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ✔️                   | ✔️      	 |
| Used **libraries**        	    | ✔️         	| ✔️           | ✔️                   | ❌      	 |
| Used **APIs**        	            | ✔️         	| ✔️           | ✔️                   | ❌      	 |
| Used with a **MySQL** database 	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ✔️                   | ✔️      	 |
| Standard **TCP** server        	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
| **GUI** application            	| ✔️         	| ❌           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
| **Game** development           	| ❌            | ✔️           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
| Worker **service**              	| ❌            | ✔️           | ❌                 	| ❌        |
> **NOTE:** Checkmark means I  have done it before.

### Tools I use (or have used before):
<img src="image/tool/vscode.svg" width="64" title="Visual Studio Code"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/idea.svg" width="64" title="IntelliJ Idea"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/rider.svg" width="64" title="JetBrains Rider"><br>
<img src="image/tool/clickup.svg" width="64" title="ClickUp"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/trello.svg" width="64" title="Trello"> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <img src="image/tool/github.svg" width="64" title="Github"><br>
<img src="image/tool/mysql.svg" width="64" title="MySQL">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="image/tool/unity.svg" width="64" title="Unity Engine">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="image/tool/unreal.svg" width="64" title="Unreal Engine"><br>
<img src="image/tool/resolve.svg" width="64" title="DaVinci Resolve">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<img src="image/tool/blender.svg" width="64" title="Blender">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

### Spoken languages:
<table>
    <tr>
        <th><img src="image/emoji/czech_flag.svg" width="32"></th>
        <th>Czech (native)</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <th><img src="image/emoji/uk_flag.svg" width="32"></th>
        <th>English (C1)</th>
    </tr>
</table>

### Have I interested You? **Contact me!**
- <img src="image/media/telegram.svg" width="16" title="Telegram"> [Telegram](https://t.me/mysterioustaway)
- <img src="image/media/discord.svg" width="16" title="Discord"> Taway#1754
- <img src="image/media/outlook.svg" width="16" title="E-Mail"> [E-Mail](mailto:mysterioustaway@outlook.com)
- <img src="image/media/instagram.svg" width="16" title="Instagram"> [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/mysterioustaway/)
- <img src="image/media/twitter.svg" width="16" title="Twitter"> [Twitter](https://twitter.com/MysteriousTaway)

### Personal information
- Username: Taway
- Name: Jakub Jeřábek
- Age: 19
- Gender: Male
- Birthday: 13.10. (DD.MM)
- 16Personalities: ISTP-T
- Favorite Color: <font style="color:#d9303b;"> #d9303b </font>
- Hobbies: Gaming and Programming.  
- Favorite games: Empyrion, Valorant, Minecraft  

### Computer specs:
- <img src="image/specs/amd.svg" width="24" title="AMD"> CPU: AMD Ryzen 7 5700x  
- <img src="image/specs/nvidia.svg" width="24" title="Nvidia"> GPU: Gigabyte 3060 EAGLE 12GB
- <img src="image/specs/msi.svg" width="24" title="MSI"> Motherboard: MSI B550 Tomahawk  
- <img src="image/specs/kingston.svg" width="24" title="Kingston"> RAM: Kingston FURY 2x16GB DDR4  
- <img src="image/specs/samsung.svg" width="24" title="Samsung"> SSD: Samsung 980 1TB M.2  
- <img src="image/specs/seagate.svg" width="24" title="Seagate"> HDDs: 1TB Seagate Barracuda, 2TB Seagate Barracuda  
- <img src="image/specs/corsair.svg" width="24" title="Corsair"> PSU: Corsair RM850
